[Music]
what is up YouTube it's your girl Evelyn
and I am back with the season 3 episode
3 recap of killing ease as always there
will be spoilers so proceed with caution
villanelle is on assignment in Spain and
her unwitting target yet another
political influencer has hired her to
tune a piano so of course villanelle
kills the woman with the tuning fork
afterward the sound of a crying baby
leads her upstairs where she discovers
the baby along with its nanny villanelle
becomes fascinated when the nanny begs
for the baby's life it's obvious
villanelle doesn't understand why the
nanny would offer her own life in
exchange for the babies but in
villanelles mind the baby possesses an
intriguing power so intriguing that
after killing the nanny she kidnaps the
baby in a big to figure out what about
it elicits such power over others she
brings the baby to a meeting with Tasha
who is not amused Dasha throws the
entire baby in a trash can
then reprimands villanelle for killing
Felix being unfocused and just generally
being a terrible employee
she then gives villanelle her next
assignment on a postcard from London you
know where Eve lives villanelle resists
at first but then gives herself a pep
talk
Carolyn is attempting to host a meeting
of the new and improved Scooby gang from
her bathtub
but apparently Eve has boundaries and
insist on a little propriety we learned
that Carolyn has retrieved Kenny's thumb
drive from police custody and although
we're not told how she did it we can
rest assured it was probably shady as
hell Eve has invited Jaime and Carolyn's
a bit salty about it Kenny's mother and
ex boss don't trust one another
Eve steps up and plays mediator between
the two she rolls out assignments and
the Scooby Gang goes their separate ways
to investigate further back at the
bitter pill even bear go through Kenny's
thumb drive it contains a list of bank
in different countries but one in
particular stands out an account in
Geneva that Kenny named panda which
stands for fat panda which was the
nickname of Chinese military hackers
shang wu who you'll remember was
assassinated by villanelle in a fetish
clinic in season 1 back then shang wu
had uncovered a bank account in the
Cayman Islands that was being used to
pay off Frank Hylton Eve's ex mi6 boss
and double agent for the 12 the bank
account went dormant after Frank's death
but Kenny discovered that the account
had recently become active and after
three large withdrawals totaling six
million dollars were made from the
accounts the remainder was transferred
to a bank account in Geneva the next
step is to figure out who owns the
mysterious Geneva account
unfortunately the bitter pill doesn't
have the resources to find out so Eve
bullies mi6 agent mo Jafari
into tracking down the accounts owner
speaking of the Geneva account
Constantine is meeting with a nervous
and slightly drunk man who goes by the
name of Charles Krueger
it seems Charles is in charge of the
Geneva account and the account has come
up a little short six million dollars to
be exact and poor Charles is terrified
of what will happen when the twelve find
out Constantine promises Charles he'll
look into it and before he leaves
Charles asks him for some money to
temporarily keep the twelve off his back
Carolyn is getting ready for a date and
Geraldine who doesn't seem to have a job
or a life she needs to return to is
booing and ahhing over Carolyn as if
dating is a new rare or strange thing
for a woman who has slept her way
through half of Europe Carolyn is
sitting at the bar drinking alone and
apparently has been for some time we
find out she's been stood up and as
she's leaving the bar she runs into an
old friend named Enric they share a
laugh and after Carolyn tells him she's
been stood up
Enric insists they grab a bite of food
and catch up
turns out Enric works for the Geneva
bank and
Carolyn isn't on a date she's on the
clock
the next morning a hungover Carolyn
pretends that using her ex's for
information is you know difficult
she tells Eve that the owner of the
account is named Charles Kruger except
Charles Kruger is actually a former
Russian spy named Sergei who shockingly
Carolyn slept with in the 80s
Sergei disappeared from Russia in the
late 80s but eventually popped up as an
accountant in London working under the
name of Charles Kruger while Eve
Ponder's if Charles Kruger is the 12's
accountant villanelle has arrived in
London and his busy running errands her
first stop is a perfumery where she
demands the shopkeeper create a powerful
fragrance for her she wants to smell
like a Roman centurion whom after being
gravely wounded becomes an all-powerful
emperor her next stop is the talking toy
factory a toy store that sells stuffed
animals with personalized recorded
messages although villanelle finds the
store psychopathic she still records a
message for Eve her first two attempts
are angry variations of I should have
shot you in the head but then her voice
softens and she admits I can't stop
thinking about you Eve is waiting to
visit Niko at the sanatorium when she's
given the news he's already discharged
himself after pressuring the woman for
more information
Eva's out Niko may have gone back to his
homeland of Poland a distraught Eve is
riding the bus and text-bombing Niko
when the show brilliantly subverts our
expectations by having villanelle
casually stroll onto the bus and greet
Eve Eve understandably
attacks villanelle and the two have an
all-out brawl
although villanelle tells Eve she's not
here for her Eve fights like her life
depends on it
villanelle eventually gets the upper
hand and shoves her throat against Eve's
face insisting that Eve smell her even
stead
kisses the shocked villanelle before
head-butting her villanelle flees from
the bus while Eve lays on the floor
meanwhile Carolyn and Mo are on a
stakeout outside of Charles Krueger's
place few moments later a drunken
Charles stumbles out sees Carolyn and
runs but the poor guy is so drunk he
barely makes it to the corner and as Moe
and Carolyn pull up beside him they
failed to notice villanelle dressed as a
cop watching them fresh off of her bus
brawl with villanelle a bruised and
bloody Eve returns to the bitter pill
and after insisting she doesn't want to
talk about what happened chief tells
Jamie all about it after a quick
brainstorming session Eve comes to the
conclusion that if villanelle isn't in
London to kill her she must be there to
kill Carolyn the twelve have realised
that mi6 is investigating their
accountant and Carolyn is obviously next
on their hit list Eve calls Carolyn to
warn her but Carolyn is too busy
grilling Port Charles and ignores the
call as Eve since Carolyn a frantic text
message Carolyn and Mo are pulled over
by Officer Oksana as villanelle
approaches the driver's side door with
her gun drawn Carolyn reads the text but
it's too late villanelle shoots and for
a terrifying moment we believe Carolyn
has been shot in the head but Carolyn
has only been grazed by the bullet meant
for Charles Krueger later that evening a
Carolyn arrives home with blood still
caked on her forehead
Geraldine gives her stoic mother a hug
and like always
Carolyn insists that she's fine
Constantine who has done almost nothing
this entire episode is getting ready for
bed he climbs in and is about to drift
off
when villanelle who'd been hiding
beneath the sheets screams and nearly
gives him a heart attack he refuses to
give her the attention she craves even
when she tells him she killed a certain
accountant for some reason villanelle
still has a baby on the brain and after
wondering what she was like as an infant
she demands constantine help her find
her family and she also makes him smell
her insisting she now smells of power
after declining to ride the bus again
Eve is finally back at the hovel she
calls home exhausted and in pain she
lays on her bed and suddenly hears
villanelles voice after a frantic search
she discovers the princess teddy bear
villanelle has left for her
Eve immediately rips open the bear to
silence the repeated voice message from
villanelle but Eve is still Eve and when
it comes to villanelle she has no
willpower she holds the teddy bears
heart close to her ear and listens to
villanelles message over and over again
[Music]
you wish of us here and that is it for
the recap thank you guys so much for
watching tell me were you shocked by the
way there a union played out and now
that the proverbial ice has been broken
with a kiss
how can season 3 top itself after what
might arguably be considered the best
episode of the series let me know in the
comments and while you're down there
please smash the thumbs up button if you
can and I'll see you next week